sudo apt-get install python3-venv
python3 -m venv amoc
amoc/bin/pip install flask
amoc/bin/pip install APScheduler
amoc/bin/pip install Flask-SQLAlchemy
amoc/bin/pip install Jinja2
amoc/bin/pip install MarkupSafe
amoc/bin/pip install SQLAlchemy
amoc/bin/pip install Werkzeug
amoc/bin/pip install apiai
amoc/bin/pip install argparse
amoc/bin/pip install click
amoc/bin/pip install funcsigs
amoc/bin/pip install futures
amoc/bin/pip install gunicorn
amoc/bin/pip install itsdangerous
amoc/bin/pip install numpy
amoc/bin/pip install pytz
amoc/bin/pip install requests
amoc/bin/pip install schedule
amoc/bin/pip install six
amoc/bin/pip install tzlocal
amoc/bin/pip install wsgiref
